[Synapse] Add support for Log Analytics and Event Hub in workspace auditing and sql pool auditing (#15586)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Synapse/Synapse/ChangeLog.md

-->
## Upcoming Release
* Added parameter `-ManagedResourceGroupName` for the `New-AzSynapseWorkspace` cmdlet

> * `Set-AzSynapseSqlAuditSetting` and `Set-AzSynapseSqlPoolAuditSetting` now supports event hub and log analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for event hub and log analytics to `Set-AzSynapseSqlAuditSetting` and `Set-AzSynapseSqlPoolAuditSetting`
```
